2.3!
THE BAD BREAKERS
PINGAS!
MAMA LUIGI!
Will this be on the murder?
I'm Glenn Quagmire!
Dinner!
My name is Walter Hartwell White.
Lamp oil. Rope? BOMBS?
SPAGHETTI!
Have some more Chicken, have some more Pie.
At a medium pace!
WHAT WERE THEY THINKING!?
Veggie bacon.
Chicanery!
kid named finger
The most fun you can possibly have while playing an app!
BIRD!
Hello, Gus. I have a magic bell that makes you scream and jump.
I vote FOR the motion!
Founded in 1216!
Big mouth!
I've got the Villainous Bounty Skull!
material.Dilithium.name
Prepare to Break Bad!
Inspired by the Magna Carta!
HOWARD!
POOTIS!
You can't concieve of what I'm capable of!
I AM NOT CRAZY!
*loud metal creaking sound*
Also try Gregtech!
Approved by Titanic!
walrus
2 Hungry Howies flavored crust pizzas!
Scrub Monkey Third Class!
This peace is what all true warriors strive for!
Including the thugshaker!
Covid-19
Includes a bag of all female M&M's.
Sponsored by the Woke Corporations!
Heisenberg was here!
Slippin' Jimmy!
BOING!
Last chance to look at me Hector.
Gimmie a drink, Bartender!
YOU DARE BRING LIGHT INTO MY LAIR!?
Pie shoots from my Dinner!
I NEED Greg Mtron
Stop simping and get online!
asdalotl died of fatal radiation poisoning!
We need to cook.
Remember the Cobblestone Tesseract!
Featuring Chuck "Confirmed Kill" McGill!
Orbital Laser Drill included!
Now with 0.2% less crashes!
Even works on Asdas's laptop!
Zoknics not allowed!
i love mtron complete .. PIGNAS !!! - robotnik
Sponsored by Gamer Company!
Kitchen sink!
Only a little bit of Tekxit 3.14 Pi!
No progression!
Since 1149!
Not approved by James Rolfe!
Phlog removed!
MUDJUG: Portable Spittoons!
I AM NOT CRAZY! I am not crazy! I know he swapped those numbers. I knew it was 1216. One after Magna Carta. As if I could ever make such a mistake. Never. Never! I just - I just couldn't prove it. He covered his tracks, he got that idiot at the copy shop to lie for him. You think this is something? You think this is bad? This? This chicanery? He's done worse. That billboard! Are you telling me that a man just happens to fall like that? No! He orchestrated it! Jimmy! He defecated through a sunroof! And I saved him! And I shouldn't have. I took him into my own firm! What was I thinking? He'll never change. He'll never change! Ever since he was 9, always the same! Couldn't keep his hands out of the cash drawer! But not our Jimmy! Couldn't be precious Jimmy! Stealing them blind! And HE gets to be a lawyer? What a sick joke! I should've stopped him when I had the chance! And you, you have to stop him! You-
#ZazaLifestyle!
Now on the 3DS!
gm_badbreakers
Violence and Sex!
fixing good Hack into the splash text
Ahoy
He excreted through the sunshine roof of an automobile!
Make sure to water your ME system!
Get sucked into a black hole!
Die by wire!
Get electrocuted!
RADIATION HAZARD
Liquid Helium piped directly into your home!
Each train includes a walrus!
Man getting hit by Spaghetti
Pooper United Poop Committee approved!
mod pack
milk bags removed
Canonically takes place in Canada!
Louisiana.
Breaking Bad
Nuclear!!!
there will never be elvis in mtron complete
Salutations Baron Pinkman.
I Better Call Saul!
Let's play miney-craftah!
Now with even more uninsulated wires!
Now with boiler explosions!
Even more sounds!
No fracture, no iser
Now with wayyyyyy more viruses!
THE ONE PIECE!!!!! THE ONE PIECE IS REAL!!!!!!!!
Your monitor is connected!
Now with one slime island every 1,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 chunks
Your computer restarted because of a problem. Press a key or wait a few seconds to continue starting up.
Gamer-Rocket Technologies Holdings Company LLC Incorporated Limited And Sons
more like kitchen STINK
meatsmall was slain by asdalotl using [Veggie Bacon]
now with a giant hyper-realistic wrench
Las Pingas Hermanas y Meatsmall Industrías
No More Cars that SUCK DICK
Now with United Nations of Ulina !? :(
Can you find all the pingas rooms?
now with one million more bug
fighter jet fly into your house
General Motors Aerotrain
now i am become heisenberg, knocker on of doors
*siphons your fuel*
fueled by REAL FUEL
a secret wall in real life... 
They're All Gonna Laugh At You!
weeeeell weeeeeeeeell well, loooook who decided to shooooow up ..........
if the feds ask, it's pronounced "wife's ex"
punches
that little controller looks like a dildo...
AAAAHHHHHHHHHHH
where's the fucking fettuc
Now with a man.........
fuckin' a horse!
A Kingman's Game!
DARK, DARKER, YET DARKER
Kevin Alderman is one of the biggest players in the world of Second Life
IT'S ME
SECRETS MEANT FOR ME ALONE!
2.3? Only 2.3?!
Now with 1275472635789512839853671295319869867% more GregTech!
Pornography starring your mother will be the second worst thing that happens to you today!
The spy has already breerb our defefe
Heavy like a Brinks Truck!
The Most Stiped Kids!
PEOPLE'S DREAMS... HAVE NO END!
*Rolls on Deck Laughing*
I am the spy!
golden cole.png
Sneed's Feed and Seed!
Ok I'm going to finish adding a few more brown bricks recipes
now with Gregtech ... scary
trains to become awesome
LET'S MAKE SOME MONEY!
I need more STEAM Greg
Bombs?
You got the dud!
I almost wrote "trains to become awesome" a second time because I forgot I already put it in
Everything will be fine when Steiner finishes the modpack
why did mikethelegoguy change brown brick recipes? is he stupid?
gregtech:meta_item_1
gregification event horizon
for the purposes of this experiment, we'll be using an eggman
MUPPETS DETECTED!!! MUPPETS DETECTE#D!!!!!!!!!!
I'M DEEEMOTING YOU TO PINGAS BALLS Stroker,
I'm coming.
just made a new world before the chunks loaded i heard a bizzare radio noise with morse code beeping and scary ambience and then when the chunks loaded it stopped
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? I'll have you know I graduated top of my class at Gamer-Rocket Technologies, and I've been involved in numerous secret raids on the woke corporations, and I have over 300 million copper ingots. I am trained in greggy warfare and I'm the top breaker in the entire bad armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over rednet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across super pingas world and your matter reciever is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You're fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that's just with my veggie bacon. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of HBM's Nuclear Tech Mod and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the server, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little "clever" comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn't, you didn't, and now you're paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You're fucking dead, kiddo.