You can quintuple some ores using the Chemical Dissolution Chamber.
Induction Matrices can store massive amounts of energy.
Radiation can make you sick and kill you and make you died.
Liquid meat feeds you if you take a swim in it.
Faraday armor protects you from getting shocked by uninsulated wires.
IndustrialCraft machines explode if given too high a voltage.
IndustrialCraft uses it's own energy system, unlike most other mods, which use Forge Energy.
IndustrialCraft machines need to be broken (Right Clicked) with an IndustrialCraft wrench.
Energy bridges can convert between Forge Energy/Redstone Flux, Energy Units, and Minecraft Joules.
Buildcraft quarries are very useful for digging up large areas of ground.
Laser drills will slowly mine ores from... nothing?
Slime boots negate fall damage, but also make you bounce.
Quantum Entangloporters can be used to teleport items, liquids, gases, energy, and even heat, from one place to another.
Deep Mob Learning can be used to make mob farms that don't kill any actual mobs.
Computers can do just about anything - if you can program them to.
Some mods come with an instructional book, be sure to read them.
Dilithium can only be found on the moon.
Trains can transport pretty much anything.
Steam locomotives need water and solid fuel in order to build pressure and move forwards.
Diesel locomotives can run on any fuel, but diesel is of course the best.
Train driving can be automated with redstone (or computers!)
Golden Railroad Spikes are used to customize rail segments.
if you get kicked from the server by any means it can mess up your textures
Flashbangs
You can make high quality hemp oil from IC2 hemp seeds. #ZazaLifestyle
The Immersive Technology turbines are really fucking loud.
You can put Dr. Robotnik saying pingas onto a cassette tape. Like in the game.
The artillery howitzer shoots straight up into the air and blows itself up if you don't tell it where to aim.
If you spray people with acid they tend to die.
you can only have one wife/husband :/
pretty sure child labor is a thing?
Spatial IO can be used to store physical structures into a drive.
mana blasters are the worst but at the same time most useful kind of gun. i think
Make a walrus with 8 fish. This isn't actually a tip. Go do it right now.
USE BUILDCRAFT PIPES USE BUILDCRAFT PIPES USE BUILDCRAFT PIPES !!
stopp STOP IT NO BUOLDCRAFT PIPES! AHHHH
fart by pressing B
Steam locomotives can fucking explode like bombs bombs lamp oil bombs rope give credit come back when you're
You can ride the eeny weeny tiny baby model trains for some reason
I am so fucking mad
You should go to bed, son.
STOP SIMPING AND GET ONLINE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Have some more chicken, have some more pie.
It doesn't matter if it's boiled or fried.
bomber rat can make the up
follow gooweep
extra cells 2 walrus
I can't GIVE credit!
There's a bag of all female M&Ms.
covid-19
So if you wanna make more money, and uh, keep the money that you make... Better Call Saul!
I KNOW he swapped those numbers, I knew it was 1216!
One after Magna Carta, as if I could ever make such a mistake, never! Never!!
shouldn't shipping be a fun and lighthearted mercantile activity and not a life or death situation where groups try to destroy the lives and mental health of anyone with valuables about what plunder should be looted in the latest voyage
it's weird to offer balls to a man, and in return have prostitutes thrown at you car
this tip was proven by real tip professionals committee for awesome gaming
It's a tartar
I've never had a veggie bacon and never will
I'MMMM DEEEEMOTING YOU TO SCRRRUB MONKEY THIRD CLASS!!
I love building brown bricks with minecraft
uuuuhhhhhh, yeah... I don't think so..!
NEVER, EVER CRAFT THE CRUCIBLE. SERIOUSLY. IT WILL BREAK THE GAME
IF FIGHTING IS SURE TO RESULT IN VICTORY, THEN YOU MUST FIGHT!
Several recipes have been gregged. Have fun.
Gem Armor is sick nasty.
The Energy Condenser can be made to make pretty much any resource from pretty much any other resource.
The Spartan provides heavy firepower and large transport capacity for 315 points but is vulnerable to anti-tank fire.
Do you know you can get mega stuffed at Walmart?
I was serious about the crucible. Never craft it. Ever.
The T-45 series was the first version of Power Armor ever employed on the battlefield, and provide their wearers with substantial protection.
The T-60 series of Power Armor saw extensive use by the United States Army after the Battle of Anchorage.
THIS NEXT EXPERIMENT SEEMS VERY VERY INTERESTING
I ALWAYS COME BACK
Play Mtron Complete for 16 hours every day.
Second Life is a virtual world
War is the natural state of things.
Men are born for games. Nothing else.
We need to talk about that ride, kid.
Where there's smoke, they pinch back.
Gregtech is the path to ultimate godlike power.
ProjectE progression is gated behind several other mods. Either diversify your progression or trade with other players to obtain some of the strongest equipment in the pack.
Lois, I've just figured out how to have
ARTHUR HELP ME
My Boy, this peace is what all true warriors strive for!
HBM allows you to be Sloppenheimer
HBM provides its own progression system that is very unsafe for you and your enemies.
Certain materials from HBM can be hazardous to your health.
We're waiting every night
Yeah, I'm just here to pick up a cupcake, and then... go home.
Meatnap is a fat oaf who makes slop.
egg experiment #7
Kevin Alderman is one of the biggest players in the world of Second Life